>> Sarah Drasner: Okay, so let's' go over
this Vue file extension for a moment
because if you haven't worked with view,
you won't have come across it before.
I used a bunch of snippets when
we were doing that last Vue CLI
build, because I think that they
help me be really productive.
I have one for Sublime.
There's one for Atom.
I think that that's version 1.x.
I'm not sure if they've upgraded yet,
so just a warning there.
There's one for vscode.
There's also a thing called Vetur for
vscode,
which will probably end up
making me switch code editors.
There's a person who loves
view over on the vscode team.
And he's made this beautiful suite
that's very, very feature rich.
So definitely check that out.
And there's a link to that there.
So we looked at this file really,
really quickly, but
I kind of glossed over
these style scoped area.
What that style scoped tag will let us do
is write styles only for that component.
So if you've worked with CSS modules
before, this will sounds familiar to you.
If I write style scoped in that area,
even if I used that class selector
somewhere else in the application,
it's going to be scoped only to that
Vue file, which actually helps me keep
everything tight and organized, especially
if you have just the one off thing.
That happens pretty often.
You have a bunch of global styles
that you need for everything.
You need to use a certain font.
You need to use a certain line height.
And then when you're using that style
scoped tag you're gonna have a few,
okay, just this element needs
this weird amount of padding.
That is really, really useful there.
It's really, really great for a slots too.
So we're gonna dig into
that in just a second.
So to @import styles,
if you've used Sass before,
if you wanted to do @import and put in
your assets folder, a main.css file,
you'd have to run a NPM installer,
style loader, and then you could do so.
We're not gonna do that today,
but that's basically how you
would create that import.
So, we had kind of talked about
this black label, white label, and
we have these slots, and things like that.
And how we can have
different things based on,
we're basically styling these
based on that component and
just putting everything else inside
of a slot in order to style it.
And when we were working with CodePen what
we had to do was this crazy thing where
we had to go and say div class black,
.black .label, .black .bottle,
.black .wine-text,
.black .flor, .black .bking.
And that's fine.
It works, but it's also not very elegant.
So what we can end up doing when we
move to the CLI in that style scoped tag
is in that,
inside that component itself I'm
using style scoped and I'm just saying
label, bottle, all of these things.
And it's gonna make sure
that in my black component
I have all of those
things available to us.
So if you want to actually check
out the real build of this,
I have the CodePen build, and then I
have a repo full of the actual build.
So we could go into the src folder here,
go into components.
And then you could see there's that
template with the slot inside, and
the style scoped tag, and we have
a bunch of styles that will only work.
And that's a really kind of nice use for
switching out a bunch of stuff.
If you have client that has a bunch of
different templates and you need to style
a bunch of different things,
you could actually probably wrap that in
a component that uses a slot and
use a style scoped tag